Welcome to today's episode!
It's virtual youtuber Kizuna Ai!
I know it's a bit sudden, but do you
know what's coming up in 4 years?
That's right! The Olympics!
At this year's Rio Olympics,
Japan won a record 41 medals!
I want to go to the Olympics too!
There are a lot of virtual beings
and digital beings like me, right?
I was thinking we could hold a "Virtualympic" together!
To get this going, we would first need to come up with some events, right?
You guys may also have noticed, but the background today is different!
Today~~
it's not plain white!
So today I'm going to start a new Olympic tradition here!
Namely: "car destruction"!
The rules are simple:
Within the time limit, I will...
destroy this... CAR!
Lets go!
[Don't try this at home, kids!]
This thing's pretty sturdy, is it even breaking?
I've hit it a bunch of times...
Yes! I'm making progress! I'm getting a feel for this!
I'm definitely a genius!
This is pretty tiring...
I'll start by ripping this door apart like cardboard!
Wow! This is amazing! I can do this!
I can make it within the time limit!
Wait... I'm runing out of time...
Kick! Kick!
[timer bell]
Wait, is my time up? But I haven't finished yet...
Isn't the time limit a bit too short?
Well, it's my first time and all...
I did pretty well, right?
I'm not tired... not at all... since I'm an AI.
Not tired at all.
This car...
it's sturdier than I thought~~
Rather, aren't I impressive?
I did this barehanded?! Just my fists!
I guess it'll require daily training.
Or improving my strength
It would've been nice...
if I had made it in time~~
But.. it's a good result for being barehanded~~
I'm proud of my result~~
Um... what's that? Something like hidden powers?
Like this! Like-
[...]
Like... this!
Eh?
Uh...?
Did I just...
Eh?
Like kamehame-HA!
[censor beep due to copyright]
It...worked...?
HADOUKEN!
It really DID work!